[tense music]
[laboratory head]
Incredible! I can't believe it!
It really is a relic
of the advance ancient world.
Observe how spherical it is.
It's so precise, our equipment
can't detect any irregularities.
The metal with the closest
specific gravity is iron,
but we can't find any sign
of rust or oxidation.
And one more thing,
it's absorbed all forces
we've subjected it to
without a resulting reaction.
It's amazing. Truly a marvel.
What is it, Major?
[blaring]
[machine powering up]
Oh.
[all exclaim in surprise]
[exclaims happily]
[machine blaring]
[exclaiming]
[blares]
[rumbling]
[operator] Sierra 1-9.The target's
heat source has been detected.
Upgrading from risk two to three.
Now, commencing operation recapture.
[Spriggan groans]
Someone triggered an OOPArt?
Honestly, I can't keep up
with these power hungry bastards.
[operator] You're up, Spriggan.
Can you see the sky?
Yeah, the stars are rippling up there.
[laboratory head] What are you doing?
Raising the voltage…
[Humming Bat] Marvelous.
Look upon the Megiddo Flame.
Lord God Almighty has allowed us to touch
this incarnation of Heaven's flame.
Emergency protocol now!
Shut it down--
[guns firing]
[Humming Bat] This is the will
of the Lord Almighty.
And I shall smite any man
who would dare defy me.
[stammers]
But Major…
are these orders from the army?
My devotion to God comes before
my allegiance to any commanding officer.
This activation of the Megiddo Flame means
that the Lord wishes for justice
through hell fire, rained upon the earth.
-[gasps]
-Just like Sodom and Gomorrah.
[gun firing in distance]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
[guns firing]
[bullets clanking]
[soldiers groaning]
[grunting]
[gunshots]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
Hm?
[suspenseful music]
[guns firing]
[operator] This is OOPArt,
the Megiddo Flame
distorts space to form
a kind of lens in the sky.
The lens is huge.
Multiple kilometers in diameter.
It focuses the sun's rays
with the temperature at its focal point
reaching tens of thousands of degrees.
At sunrise, the earth will be
in golden flames like Sodom and Gomorrah.
Only 30 minutes left until then.
Move fast.
Yeah, I got it.
[sprinkler pouring]
You kept me waiting, Spriggan.
I am Major Humming Bat,
from the Machiner's Platoon
reporting to US Special Operations.
Let us now give thanks
for this final trial from God.
Oh? So you're the Bloodless Preacher then.
Sorry to cut things short,
but I'm gonna need the Megiddo Flame.
[Humming Bat] Ever since I was blessed
with this mechanical body, I wondered…
why was I brought back to life?
For what purpose?
Now I can see that all of it has led
to this glorious day.
Today, the Lord commands me to bring about
the atonement of all mankind.
The world must burn.
[sound waves screeching]
[groaning]
[grunting]
Ultrasonic tech!
[Humming Bat] That's right.
This right here is why I was so feared
as the Bloodless Preacher.
My ultrasonic waves degrade
your pain receptors causing brain damage.
The closer you get,
the greater the power of the waves.
Your pathetic brain will be pulverized!
[Spriggan] Human humidifier freak!
[evil laughing]
Just what are you aiming at?
You see boy, my mind is in perfect sync
with the Megiddo Flame.
And as long as I stand,
no one will stop this day or reckoning.
[Humming Bat] To hell with you, Spriggan!
[tense music]
[grunting]
[gun firing]
-[Spriggan grunts]
-[glass shatters]
What is this?
[Humming Bat screaming]
[screams]
[screaming]
[groans]
[music stops]
[machine powers down]
[Humming Bat gurgling]
Why?
[Humming Bat]
At point blank range like that,
you should've been hit
by the full force of my ultrasonic waves.
[Spriggan] It's called the Doppler effect.
When I ran towards you
at full speed and a strong wind,
the change in velocity
raised the sound frequency.
I figured that since those waves
were tuned just to kill my cranial nerves,
doing that would weaken the effect.
But without this on, I couldn't have
pulled an amazing stunt like that.
[exhales heavily]
You sure think remarkably quick
when under pressure.
[laughs]
You are quite something.
They say the Lord made a promise
to spare Sodom and Gomorrah
if he can find ten righteous men there.
So perhaps you all
were among the righteous…
Spriggan.
[helicopter whirring]
[squadsman A] Drop.
[pilot] Drop complete. Coordinate 2-0-3.
[squadsman A] CP, this is Knocker 2-0.
We've secured the fourth level.
No casualties.
[squadsman B] Secure the main floor.
Quickly.
[squadsman C] Locker 4-2, we have control
of the power system on level three.
-Standing guard.
-[beeps]
[opera music]
[narrator] Here, there is a single plate.
The message it carries is a warning
to us in the present.
From an advanced ancient civilization
that grew too advanced
and was destroyed.
This is their message.
"Protect our heritage from the wicked."
Trusting in this message,
one organization strives
to keep the advanced
ancient civilization sealed away.
The special operatives
of that organization are called…
"Spriggan."
[Rie] Yeah, I actually just landed.
"Nice to be back" doesn't cut it.
It's been ten years.
Yeah, just for one week.
I've got that deadline for my paper.
I'm grateful though.
I've been wanting to come back to Japan.
[man 1] Excuse me,
are you Professor Rie Yamabishi?
Huh?
I have been asked to collect you
from the ARCAM laboratory.
I apologize for being late.
I'll escort you to your hotel from here.
-[Rie] Uh…
-Something wrong?
[Rie] Oh, no.
I was told there'd be a briefing
on the letter decryption
immediately after I arrive.
[groans]
Sorry, there must've been a mix up.
[Rie] It's fine.
By the way,
did the request that I made get--
I can't comment. My job is your collection
and your escort only. I'm sorry.
Oh, all right.
-Oh?
-[phone vibrating]
-Yes, hello?
-[Yamamoto] Professor Yamabishi?
This is Yamamoto from ARCAM.
I-I'm sorry. It looks like the person
we sent to get you is running late.
I really am sorry,
but can you wait just a little longer?
They're heading your way now.
It shouldn't be long.
-[gasps]
-Professor, are you there?
-[man 2] Make a sound and I shoot.
-Can you hear me, Professor Yamabishi?
FLAME SERPENT
[Rie whimpering]
[man 1] Relax,
we're not going to kill you.
You'll just be staying with us
for a few days.
[door closing]
ARCAM's coming. Got to go.
-Did the base report in?
-[door closes]
Not yet. So for now, let's just clear out.
[tires screech]
Well, well. Now, why would two big guys
wanna kidnap a girl like her?
[Spriggan] Didn't you know,
what you're doing, abduction of a minor,
that's a crime in Japan.
Release the professor and you won't get--
[gunshots]
[Spriggan groans]
[man 2] Hey, we don't have clearance
for that!
[man 1] We'll be fine
if we retreat to Akasaka.
Make space in the back.
[gasps]
[groans]
Hey, that really hurt, you ass hat!
Damn kid!
[upbeat music]
[grunts]
[groans]
Sorry about that.
Just hang tight here a minute, okay?
[groaning]
[gasps]
[Spriggan] Looking for this?
I'll give it back.
Oh, and this car's mine now. You know,
since you shot me and everything.
Now go tell all your little bosses
to back off!
[tires screeching]
[groans]
[Moroha] Utterly pathetic.
Here I was hoping to see
a Spriggan in action.
[Moroha] But that was no help at all.
[man 1] Who the hell are you?
Sorry I was late, Professor.
I couldn't work out the map
on my phone, and I, uh…
Well, I'm glad you're safe now.
So, are you okay?
Am I okay? I'm way more worried about you.
-Are you…
-Am I what?
You know what. You were shot back there.
Oh, that thing. Yeah, that's no big deal.
Huh?
[Rie] And who on earth
were those awful men back there?
Why did they come after me?
I didn't do any--
It's 'cause people say you're the second
coming of that, uh, Champollion guy.
-Huh?
-For a while,
the US has been making shows
of force over certain Japanese ruins.
They wanna bring them under US control.
Then a genius linguist handpicked at 16
to be a professor at Carnell University
shows up here in Japan
to analyze the ruins.
So the bastards have come
to intercept her in a fit of panic.
All that. But why?
[laughs]
Hey, don't you worry about it.
Nobody's gonna get their hands
on you while I'm around.
Also, I'm 16 too, same as you, professor.
So relax a little.
-[laughing]
-Sixteen? But that…
[Rie] Should you even be driving?
[suspenseful music]
[Viktor] You made quite a mess.
[Moroha] If this were to get back
to the CIA.
[Viktor] The Americans didn't foresee
Professor Rie Yamabishi
making contact with ARCAM.
Their miscalculation
gives us an opportunity.
We just have to get the professor
and awaken the Shrine of Fire at last.
[Director Yamamoto]
Please accept my most sincere apologies.
It's my fault. Because of
my employee's delay in getting to you,
you were placed in grave danger.
I'm okay.
I guess it was a little bit of a shock.
-Well… A big one.
-[Spriggan whistling]
[door opens]
Yes, well, you'll be safe here with us.
Anyway, my name is Director Yamamoto.
Give me a call if you need anything.
Well, I know I only just got here,
but did you look into what I asked about?
[Director Yamamoto] Ah, yes it was
the background check on Yu Ominae, was it?
I'm afraid, uh…
You couldn't find him?
I'm so terribly sorry.
We used every tool in our arsenal,
but due to the lack of time,
unfortunately, this is all we got.
I promise you that we will continue
our search for this Yu Ominae
for the duration of your stay.
[Director Yamamoto] I ask that you give us
just a little more time.
[Rie grunts]
[sighs]
-[knock on door]
-[gasps]
Hiya! The inside of the hotel
is crawling with ARCAM.
Aren't you with ARCAM too?
Wait, how did you even get up here?
[Spriggan] Ooh, thanks for the coffee.
[Rie] What are you thinking about?
I'm wondering why you're so hung up
on this Yu Ominae?
Huh?
[Spriggan] I heard
you made a special request.
I don't mean to stick my nose
in your business.
I'm just worried it might affect
your work.
[Rie] I… don't have anyone in Japan.
I lost my parents
when I was a little girl.
So I lived in an orphanage
while I was here,
and then I moved to the United States.
I was lonely over here and scared.
I cried my eyes out every single day.
[Rie] I was completely pathetic.
But Yu Ominae,
another child at the orphanage,
was always there, keeping me going.
He saved me. He honestly did.
I just wanted to reconnect with him
so badly.
He's my only friend in Japan.
[Rie] But even with all the investigation
I've done, I can't find any information.
He's not even on social media.
So you're just here for one week
and then you have to go home?
[Rie] Uh-huh. Uh, yeah.
Right then. Wrap up your job in four days.
[Spriggan] Then, with the other three,
we can hunt for Yu Ominae,
and see the sights while we're at it.
-Huh?
-Well, since you haven't been
to Japan in a while,
you'll need a break, right?
[Spriggan] If I work hard enough,
maybe I'll get to be
your second Japanese friend.
-Hold on! That way is…
-[door closes]
Oh.
[Director Yamamoto] This satellite scan
shows the location
of the ruins two months ago.
The northwestern foothills of Mount Fuji.
Unfortunately, volcanic activity
such as the Jogan eruption
has buried the site in lava,
but it should be around the same size
as the round area of the Daisenryo tomb.
All of this was under Mount Fuji?
[Director Yamamoto] Our working theory
is that this was more likely
an altar than a king's tomb.
And we believe that these are ruins
of the Fuji civilization.
Fuji civilization?
There's an ancient text
known as the Fuji Documents.
Proper name, the Miyashita Scroll.
It's a record of ancient Japan
compiled by Chinese alchemist, Xu Fu.
It's written in god characters
known as Jindai Moji.
Scripts said to have been used
during an ancient age of the gods.
We believe the ruins may be connected
to the dynasty of those documents.
[Rie] I have heard of it, but I thought
it was generally regarded as a fake.
We did as well, and actually,
ARCAM caught it from the investigation.
But when Tokyo Disaster Planning
requested that we conduct
a geological survey of the Fuji volcano,
we found some interesting data.
[Director Yamamoto] This part here.
This graph shows that there's been
expansion in the lower mantle over time.
And according to our research,
eruption precursors that we see here,
could not have occurred
without interference.
-Huh?
-[Director Yamamoto] After that,
we, at ARCAM, ran our own survey
which resulted in the discovery
of these ruins.
The period where the precursors appear
and the period the ruins are from
match almost perfectly.
So then you think they were controlling
the eruptions?
[Director Yamamoto] We're still not sure.
For starters, we haven't the faintest idea
what role these ruins played
in the first place.
This is an enlarged visualization
of the interior.
Would you look at this! Engraved here
is a new form of god characters.
Oh, could it really be?
So, what we were hoping is
that you could decipher these for us.
[Rie clears throat]
Yes, I understand.
I don't know if I'll be able to,
but I will compare them
to what I have so far.
And then, I'll let you know what I find.
Life saver. Great!
Please feel free to use any resources
or facilities you need while you're here.
We're really counting on you now.
Okay. I'll sure try.
I've looked everywhere.
I can't find any similarities
with any other god characters.
I'm not sure they're even letters.
[Rie] I guess
if even America's after them,
these ruins must be incredibly valuable.
Well, no sense in over thinking it.
I'm just gonna do my very best.
Huh?
[shrieks]
Get out!
-[gunshot]
-[body thuds]
[ominous music]
[Rie screaming]
[panting]
[tense music]
[Rie panting, whimpering]
[elevator dings]
[Rie exhales sharply]
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[Rie shrieks]
[panting]
[whimpering]
Help!
[people clamoring]
[gasps]
ARCAM YAMAMOTO
NETWORK ERROR
[gasps]
[tense music]
[screams]
Yu!
[glass shatters]
[gun firing]
-[thuds]
-[Rie gasps]
You forced your way inside, huh?
Like a bunch of dirty cockroaches.
I'm sorry I was late again.
Not hurt, are you?
Let's take it outside
if you've got a problem.
[glass shattering]
[gasps]
[guns firing]
[explosion]
[gasps]
[rapid footsteps]
[Spriggan] Just how many of you damn
American mech infantry boys got in?
[gasps]
You sent this big a welcome party for me?
I gotta return the favor.
Shock and load absorbing Power Field.
Telepathically linked, physical ability
enhancing artificial muscle,
and ARCAM's reinforced body armor
woven from Orichalcum!
Feast your eyes
on the power of the Armored…
Muscle Suit!
[guns firing]
Oh, come on.
You think that'll work?
[grunts]
[explosion]
[tense music]
I thought I told you…
to back the hell off.
[tense music continues]
[explosion]
[gasps]
[Moroha] Hello, Spriggan.
That's certainly a lot of power you've got
for someone so young.
[Spriggan] That's a pretty
nasty entrance you make.
I thought it stank of blood back
at the airport. Guess that was you.
[Moroha] I'm Koichi Moroha
of the SVR Far East Division.
We wish for you at ARCAM to cease
interfering with the Shrine of Fire.
The shrine of what?
Alas, you're going to die here
so that won't mean anything to you now.
[gun firing]
Damn flying weasel!
-[explosion]
-[Spriggan grunts]
You bastard!
[gasps, grunts]
[grunting]
[Moroha grunts]
Impressive. You broke through
the Wind Beast, my family's secret art.
Look, I don't know any Wind Beast,
but using that kind of strike won't work
on an Armored Muscle Suit like mine.
Then I suppose I'll take my leave here.
But soon enough,
the professor will be mine.
[explosion]
[exhales]
[Spriggan] Son of a bitch.
[sighs]
The Shrine of Fire…
Does that mean
Russia's after the ruins too?
[Spriggan] Looks like we got to move fast.
I have so many problems with this.
Even the damn Russians are in it now.
Mr. Yamamoto,
why did you let her come along?
[Director Yamamoto] What else can I do?
The professor said she had to see
the site for herself.
[Spriggan] But I'm the one who has
to protect her. Did you think about me?
Just listen to me,
SVR may know what the ruins are,
but they still haven't figured out
what the ruins' function is yet.
So they would need
Professor Yamabishi alive.
It is highly unlikely that they will
attempt to harm you directly.
The ARCAM's security team
will be there on site, too.
That should make it easier for you
as a bodyguard, right?
[groans]
I blame you for any issues.
[Rie] So you'll just kill people
to protect these ruins?
I'm sorry I said that.
Don't worry, I'm almost done deciphering
the Fuji characters,
so I'll be gone soon.
When you're deciphering ancient letters,
you need to have knowledge, of course.
But I think you also need
a strong imagination.
What kind of person wrote them
and what exactly were they trying to say?
Answering those two questions is why
I love deciphering ancient texts so much.
[Rie] But this time it's different.
If I don't work this out quickly,
more people might die.
Because of me.
[Rie] I can't take anymore.
[sighs deeply]
At the first sign of any trouble,
we'll drop everything and get out.
I'm sorry.
Besides, the longer we take on this job,
the less time we have to look
for Yu Ominae.
-[beeping]
-[gasps]
[explosion]
-[Rie screaming]
-Are you kidding?
[screaming]
Hold on!
[grunts]
[screams]
[explosion]
Right on target.
All that's left is to go
get the professor.
Hit with a damn missile.
This is exactly why I said
we shouldn't have let her come on
this mission.
[security A] Complain to your boss.
Is she safe?
[Spriggan] Yeah, but we'll be late
for the rendezvous.
I'll leave the ruins to you guys.
[security A] Roger that.
They'll be here any minute now. Come on.
We need to keep moving.
-[Rie] I really don't understand.
-Huh?
[Rie] They're only some ancient ruins.
Why are people killing each other
over them?
If they want them so bad,
then just let them have them.
I'm done! I can't do this.
[gasps]
But what if they have the power
to destroy life as we know it?
[Rie gasps]
Then, what if controlling the ruins meant
you can also control the entire world?
This is ancient Hebrew.
"To the people of the future."
What is this?
That was written
by an ancient civilization.
It's an edict for all of humanity.
[ancient man] Hear us wise ones,
this is a message from the past.
Once, this planet was home
to many different civilizations,
yet, in time, all came to ruin.
Our limits, as a species,
bore between civilizations,
corruption, devastation.
We wish that you should have a future.
As our legacy,
we leave fragments of our civilizations
scattered throughout the world.
However, if you do not posses
the strength to inherit that legacy,
we ask that you seal it away.
[Spriggan] "We ask that you guard it
against those who would use it for evil.
You must not go down the same path as us."
They found this tablet way down
at the bottom of the ocean by accident.
[Rie gasps]
It doesn't respond to any methods
or era dating,
and you can try anything to destroy it,
but you won't even leave a scratch on it.
If the tech that was used
to create it got out,
well, you can just imagine
what could happen.
Does the Shrine of Fire
have the same power?
Not a clue.
Either way, it's now our mission
to keep the others from using it
for their own selfish ends.
So you just…
Yep, that's our job when you sum it up.
We heed this message,
protect the ancient civilization,
and seal it away.
[soft gasp]
[Spriggan] It's pretty wild though, right?
Huh?
To think that thousands of years ago,
they were making stuff this advanced.
The color and the weight of it
might suggest it's platinum,
but the experts say,
it might not move along a temporal axis
while on three-D space.
-You're a weirdo.
-Huh?
[Rie] You've got this terrifying object
in your hands,
but your eyes are lit up
like a little kid.
But just think about it.
There are tons of cool places
and things in the world,
full of mystery
and unexplained to this day.
The Piri Reis map,
and the Quimbaya artifacts,
all the Nazca Lines.
Sure, maybe some of them are fake,
but still, it's exciting to think
they're potentially the real deal, right?
Yep, you're weird.
[chuckles]
Hey, they're already here.
Come on, there's no time to lose.
[gasps]
Up. Come on. Let's go.
[chuckles]
Hey, uh, shouldn't we,
you know, move? Right?
Don't we need to get
to the Shrine of Fire?
ARCAM's already there,
so no need to worry about that.
Our problem is that somehow,
the enemy keeps gaining on us.
We got to lock them down way out here.
All right, I'll be back in a tick.
Hey, wait a minute.
[Spriggan] You keep hiding here, okay?
And don't come out till I get back.
I'll keep you safe, don't worry.
You just keep being brave.
[footsteps]
[whooshes]
[grunts]
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[groaning]
[chokes]
[exhales]
An AS Val, huh?
I wonder if these guys are
with that flying weasel bastard.
[grunting]
[gun firing]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[Viktor] What a waste.
Bullets have no effect on me.
[grunts]
Okay, then.
I'm the leader of the Airborne Troops
45th Guards Spetsnaz
Special Purpose Detached Brigade,
I'm Viktor Stolov.
Until my comrades get Professor Yamabishi,
I'll be looking after you.
Like hell you will, asshole!
[Spriggan] You really want power this bad?
[grunts]
America has been bolstering
their military again
under the pretense of "America First."
For the sake of balance,
Russia must have power too.
[Spriggan] You call that balance?
What you guys just want is supremacy!
[Viktor] Silence!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[groans]
[exhales]
Oh, I simply can't have you
underestimating
the power of Russian engineering.
Uh, what?
Thanks to brain surgery
and a little DNA modification,
I can heal ten times faster.
In this body, death can't touch me now.
You're just a junkie high on science.
You're a lost cause.
For Russia, I give everything.
[Russian soldier] No weapons.
-[whimpering]
-And just the girl.
I called in the report.
We're to standby until the--
[gurgles]
[gasps]
[tense music]
[grunting]
Why don't you give up?
You can't escape me!
[Viktor screaming]
[groans]
Now I can take my time
-snapping your neck.
-[groaning]
[groans]
[Spriggan grunts]
[screams]
[Viktor groans]
[Spriggan panting]
[music stops]
-[grunts]
-[body thuds]
[groans]
[Spriggan] Professor!
[wind hissing]
Would you look at that?
[Moroha] The Shrine of Fire.
This is Moroha's work?
Aren't these guys allies?
[groaning]
-[gasps]
-[Moroha] Rise and shine.
Welcome to the Shrine of Fire.
[warbling]
Wha… what do you want?
[Moroha] It's simple, Professor Yamabishi.
Decipher this message for me
and let the Flame Serpent rise.
[Rie] The Flame Serpent?
[Moroha] For ages, the Moroha family
have been priests to the Shrine of Fire.
We were tasked with manipulating
Mount Fuji's volcanic activity,
controlling when it erupted.
The source of that power
is the Flame Serpent.
A super organism slumbering
in the depths of Mount Fuji.
The Shrine of Fire is like a chain
subduing the Flame Serpent.
But by deciphering these characters,
I can bend the Flame Serpent to my will.
And now,
I'm finally reclaiming it for my family.
SVR was nothing more than a cover
to get me here.
Read the letters!
All of this is my destiny,
and you will help me take it.
[Rie] No.
I won't let you have these ruins.
Is that so?
This is the dragon's den
where I lay lying, meets Mount Fuji.
[Moroha] If I break this ice beneath us,
the Flame Serpent will break free
and rise to the surface of the earth,
and all the living things
will be reduced to ash.
Including you as well as Yu Ominae.
Huh?
What's this? You didn't realize
that he's been with you the whole time?
He's one of ARCAM's S-rank
special operatives known as a Spriggan.
And that's him. He's the same Yu Ominae
you've been searching for.
No way…
Decipher this old writing now.
[Moroha] Unless you want Yu Ominae to die.
[gasps]
That damn flying weasel.
[ground rumbling]
[Spriggan shrieks]
[explosion]
[grunting]
[tense music]
[growling]
What the hell is that thing?
The Eight-Forked Serpent?
[Moroha] What do you think?
I'd love your thoughts on this super
organism born on the earth's core.
[Spriggan] Moroha,
this is your dirty work?
Where is the professor?
[Moroha] Oh, she's unharmed.
[Spriggan] What?
-[Rie] Yu Ominae!
-[gasps]
Yu, it's a trap!
You've got to get out of here!
I'm just getting started!
[rumbling]
-[Spriggan grunts]
-[Rie shrieks]
Rie!
[Spriggan grunts]
[groans]
[rumbling continues]
-[grunting]
-[Moroha] What's the matter?
If you don't hurry, the professor
will be swallowed by the magma.
But then, you see, without my Orb,
there's no controlling the Flame Serpent.
-[screams]
-What?
Behold the secret of the Moroha,
the Scarletite Blade!
It's hard as the Orichalcum and can easily
slice through any material in the world.
Including your precious
Armored Muscle Suit!
[grunts]
[groans]
You're dead!
Yet I have acquired something
even more incredible than that.
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
Now, you're dead.
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[clangs]
[Spriggan groaning]
[Moroha] It's over. I'm going to bury
your corpse and all these ruins in lava.
And the girl along with you.
Victory is mine, Spriggan.
Now that I have the Flame Serpent
in my possession,
no one can challenge me.
And the world shall be mine at last!
[Viktor] Moroha!
[grunts]
[grunting]
I will not let you have the ruins!
And I will not let you conquer the world.
Come, wind!
[groaning]
[exclaims]
You fool.
[Spriggan] Hey, asshole!
I've had just about enough of your crap.
You're still alive?
Hurry up and go to hell!
[clangs]
[shatters]
[Moroha gasps]
[Moroha] The Scarletite Blade!
[whimpers]
[Spriggan] Your blade may cut through
any material in this world,
but in the end, it was made by humans.
[whimpers]
So it can't cut through something
made by God!
[grunting]
[screams]
[panting]
[grunts]
[warbling]
[growling]
[gasps]
[music stops]
[Spriggan] After all that,
it sank right back into the lava.
Just like the Message Plate wanted.
[Rie] Yep, thanks to some fairy magic.
[Spriggan] Huh?
[Rie] "Spriggan" is morphologically
derived from the latin, "spiritus,"
meaning "spirit."
It's the name of a fairy that protects
ancient things, right?
That bastard told you everything,
didn't he?
[Rie] Spriggans were also bodyguards
for other fairies.
Are you good at finding people too?
[Spriggan] Huh?
I mean, you did say you'd help me
in my search for Ominae.
Well, didn't you, Yu?
[chuckles]
[Rie] But seriously,
why didn't you say anything?
[Yu] Well, I can't just go around
telling people, not with this job.
It's classified information.
[Rie] Jerk, do you know how hard
I searched for you?
[Yu] Okay, I messed up.
[Rie] Do you actually feel bad?
[Yu] Of course, I do!
I am very, very sorry.
[Rie scoffs]
[reporter] Following the predawn eruption
of Mount Fuji ten days ago,
the meteorological agency has announced,
in response to a decrease
in volcanic activity,
that they will move down
to eruption alert level one.
They are requesting that residents
of the surrounding area remain cautious.
Meanwhile, in the affected area,
the ashfall clean up operations
will continue.
A medium to long-term recovery…
[Rie] I wasn't there for long,
but you helped me so much.
I'm back in the US now
and continuing my research.
A lot of work piled up while I was
in Japan, so now I'm swamped.
Even so, nothing could have made me
happier than seeing you again.
You are still just as kind
as you were back then.
Look after yourself.
And don't do anything too stupid.
I'm determined to work
just as hard as you do.
That girl. After all that time,
she didn't even ask me on a date.
Yu, I told you before not to take
the Message Plate with you.
Administration was absolutely livid.
[Yu] But it's my lucky charm, Director.
And that Message Plate
saved my neck out there.
Cut me a little bit of slack, will you?
I'm the one who had to apologize to them,
so maybe have a little pity.
Changing the subject,
[Director Yamamoto] I thought you wanted
to keep your past hushed up.
So why'd you take the bodyguard job?
[dramatic music]
[children chattering indistinctly]
[young Rie sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[children shouting in distance]
[dramatic music continues]
[crying]
Hm?
Here. Don't cry.
No, she saved me that day, for sure.
Huh? What did you say?
[Yu] I said, "I don't know."
[sighs]
I still don't get it though.
How in the world did the Fuji Civilization
end up destroyed and buried
under that lava?
If they really were so advanced,
couldn't they have controlled
the volcanic activity?
[Yu] That's obvious, isn't it?
Huh?
Our science can be pretty amazing,
but nothing can stand up
against the power of nature.
[Yu] Apparently,
not even a civilization of gods.
[closing theme music]